#Tutors CheatSheet 

##Learning Resources

###a) Card Images

in all the examples below, the image displayed on the card works as follows

you can use the icon code with the ICONIFY library
(remove the image files if using icon code)


OR

supply a .png or .jpeg image. (remove the icon code if supply image files)


> NOTE:
> Card Images & Icons should ideally be square. 
> If rectangle card images need to be used, use 16:9 aspect ratio (wide).
> Don't use tall images e.g. 9:16
 

###b) Ordering
Cards are ordered automatically within a topic / unit.
You can control the ordering manually by including code similar to the following in the .MD file for your card/learning resource
~~~
---
order: 1
---
~~~

###c) File Names

> NOTE:
> Within a learning resource **folder**, 
> 
> All (3) files in the folder (e.g. .md, .png/.jpg, .pdf) must have the same name
> 
> e.g. folder `talk-1` might have the following files
> 
> - talk.md
> - talk.png
> - talk.pdf
> 
> you can rename files to suit
 
 
 
 

## 1. Presentation / Talk / Lecture / Slides

Folder is called `talk-1`

Files inside:

-	talk.md
-	talk.pdf
-	talk.png

### FILE NAMES

> NOTE:
> Within the **talk folder**, 
> 
> All 3 files in the talk folder (.md, .png/.jpg, .pdf) must have the same name
> 
> e.g. folder `talk-1` might have the following files
> 
> - talk.md
> - talk.png
> - talk.pdf
> 
> you can rename files to suit








## 2. Lab 

Folder is called `book-a`

Sub Folders

- `/archive`
- `/img`

**Steps** are in a separate `.md` documents stored within the book folder. e.g.

book-1/

- 01analyse.md
- 02design.md
- 03implement.md
- 04test.md
- 05deploy.md

**Solutions** are archived into the archive sub folder

- `/archive/lab6-solutions.zip`

**Images** for the lab are stored in the img sub folder
- `/img/1.png`







##3. Archive / Resources

Used to store a zip file on a card which downloads when clicked

Use an `archive-1` folder

Files inside:

-	archive.md
-	archive.png
-	**archive.zip**






##4. GitHub Repo

Used to reference a github repo on a card directly

Use a `github-1` folder

Files inside:

-	github.md
-	github.png
-	**githubid**



##5. WebLink

Used to reference a a website / hyperlink

Use a `web-1` folder

Files inside:

-	web.md
-	web.png
- **weburl** 



##6. Note

A document written in Markdown

Use a `note-1` folder

Files inside:

-	**note.md**
-	note.png

A table of contents can be auto generated by including `[toc]` in the document where you want the table to be included.

Notes can include images and archives.

Sub Folders

- `/archive`
- `/img`

##7. Units and Panels


###7.1 Units
**Units** split up **topics** enabling you to organise cards into groups and put a title on them.

They allow for a clear definition of course content in each unit, and for separate titles for each unit.  

Each unit has a folde named:

- `unit-1`
- `unit-2` 

Within each unit folder, include a `topic.md file` to supply the title of that unit


###7.2 Panels

In the same way that a unit sub divides a topic with unit titles, three types of panels can be added to a unit:

1. **panelvideo**
2. **paneltalk** 	
3. **panelnote**

A subfolder with the name of one of the three panel types shown above is included in the unit folder.

In each case a `.md file` is included to put a caption underneath the panel. In the case of panel note, this is developed further as discussed within `section 7 Notes` above.

###7.2.1 Panel Video

- `/panelvideo-1`

- panelvideo.md
- **videoid**

###7.2.2 Panel Talk

- `/paneltalk-1`

- talk.md
- talk**.pdf**

###7.2.3 Panel Note

- `/panelnote-1`

- **note.md**
- note.png

##8. Media / Video

Tutors supports embedding live video streams / videos from Youtube and HeaNet.

The Youtube id or HeaNet id is included in a file called `videoid`

This file can the be added to:

- a panel
- any card (talk, lab, etc)

e.g.1

`1MMnr8gRIkQ`

you can also specify a start and end time both specified in seconds

e.g.2
`1MMnr8gRIkQ?start=30&end=180`

In example 2 above, the video starts playing 30 seconds from the beginning and stops playing when it reaches 3 minutes.


##9. SVG

to be completed.
